for the good phase only in the region of the missions a group of children is
success after having created and produced a cartoon in a
play attack
we managed to arrange a meeting of this per minute with one of the largest
dunga d'hours of brazil
the scientists of the direction of the house
this is an action that we are seeing is a very crazy family
produced by this group of friends here
the average 11 year old they have been using with few people how this work began
separated in the stadium always liked it to have destination yet has a series
The beginning of it all is to have an idea of ​​the episode so short for a chance.
incredible
shortly after 29min imagine only the sixth
everything is produced by them since the creation of the computer drawings
until the dubbing of the characters of the series
we imagine and try to enter the character with a substitution
still spoken perfectly preserved
the work of these small giant creatio these episodes of the series that
a very modern family are all on the internet these Afghan forces to
girl to russian elena vesnina
he voted against
priscila trindade near the port and a statement from those people
despite the crisis, one of the biggest players in Brazil
in fact a voice well known to you in each breast as an example are outside this
will not happen
for him is
kanouté
in rio de janeiro the adversities added
for months but this idea
next to bottles year
pulls the limit of the boyfriend's hidden Marist school
on the weekend still at the end of the roman movie
a lot of people ask him
I looked for the premiere
I did not even know the scheme.
the transfer in the future are housed in your dispatch selma was a
pioneers in dubbing in Brazil forty years ago with so much
experience
made a point of giving tips that guidelines to the young players I
I'm 82 years old
the same expenditure of expenditure following the same plastic molds of this
initiative said
because even I am under pressure
I continued my
francini you have a great future ahead still in the podium even more
our work
here it is